packages/radio/README.md, before:

<!--prettier-ignore-start-->
# `<fusion-wc-radio>` [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-radio.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-radio)

[Storybook](https://equinor.github.io/fusion-web-components/?path=/docs/basic-radio)

[Material Web Component](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web-components/tree/master/packages/radio)

## Installation
```sh
npm install @equinor/fusion-wc-radio
```

### Properties/Attributes

Name                 | Type      | Default | Description
-------------------- | --------- | ------- | -----------
`checked`            | `boolean` | `false` | Whether this radio button is the currently-selected one in its group. Maps to the native [`checked`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/radio#checked) attribute.
`disabled`           | `boolean` | `false` | If `true`, this radio button cannot be selected or de-selected. Maps to the native [`disabled`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#disabled) attribute.
`name`               | `string`  | `''`    | Name of the input for form submission, and identifier for the selection group. Only one radio button can be checked for a given selection group. Maps to the native [`name`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#name) attribute.
`value`              | `string`  | `''`    | Value of the input for form submission. Maps to the native [`value`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/radio#value) attribute.
`global`             | `boolean` | `false` | If `true`, this radio button will use a global, document-level scope for its selection group rather than its local shadow root.
`reducedTouchTarget` | `boolean` | `false` | When `true`, the radio removes touch target that extends beyond visual boundary of the component. Set to `false` by default to meet Material [accessibility guidelines](https://material.io/design/usability/accessibility.html).

### Methods
*None*

### Events
| Name     | Detail | Description
| ---------| ------ | -----------
| `change` | `{}`   | Fired when the user modifies the radio `checked` state from an input device interaction on this radio. Note that, like [native `<input>`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/change_event), the `change` event is *not* fired when the `checked` property is set from JavaScript, nor is it fired when another radio in the same group becomes `checked`.
<!--prettier-ignore-end-->

Commit message:

fix: fixed typing and readme as well as updated packages

packages/radio/README.md, after:

<!--prettier-ignore-start-->
# `<fusion-wc-radio>` [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-radio.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-radio)

[Storybook](https://equinor.github.io/fusion-web-components/?path=/docs/basic-radio)

[Material Web Component](https://github.com/material-components/material-components-web-components/tree/master/packages/radio)

## Installation

```sh
npm install @equinor/fusion-wc-radio
```

## Example Usage

```html
<fwc-radio name='group1' value='value1' checked/>
<fwc-radio name='group1' value='value2'/>
```

### Properties/Attributes

Name                 | Type      | Default | Description
-------------------- | --------- | ------- | -----------
`checked`            | `boolean` | `false` | Whether this radio button is the currently-selected one in its group. Maps to the native [`checked`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/radio#checked) attribute.
`disabled`           | `boolean` | `false` | If `true`, this radio button cannot be selected or de-selected. Maps to the native [`disabled`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#disabled) attribute.
`name`               | `string`  | `''`    | Name of the input for form submission, and identifier for the selection group. Only one radio button can be checked for a given selection group. Maps to the native [`name`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#name) attribute.
`value`              | `string`  | `''`    | Value of the input for form submission. Maps to the native [`value`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/radio#value) attribute.
`global`             | `boolean` | `false` | If `true`, this radio button will use a global, document-level scope for its selection group rather than its local shadow root.
`reducedTouchTarget` | `boolean` | `false` | When `true`, the radio removes touch target that extends beyond visual boundary of the component. Set to `false` by default to meet Material [accessibility guidelines](https://material.io/design/usability/accessibility.html).
`formElementTabIndex` | `number` | 0 | Input's tabindex is updated based on checked status. Tab navigation will be removed from unchecked radios.

### Events

| Name     | Detail | Description
| ---------| ------ | -----------
| `change` | `{}`   | Fired when the user modifies the radio `checked` state from an input device interaction on this radio. Note that, like [native `<input>`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/change_event), the `change` event is *not* fired when the `checked` property is set from JavaScript, nor is it fired when another radio in the same group becomes `checked`.
<!--prettier-ignore-end-->
