README.md, before:

<!--prettier-ignore-start-->
# Fusion Web-Components

> Mono-repo for web-components used in fusion

### [Storybook](https://equinor.github.io/fusion-web-components/)

## General
| Component | Status
| ----------| ------
| [`<fusion-wc-theme>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/theme) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-theme.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-theme)
| [`<fusion-wc-icon>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/icon) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-icon.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-icon)
| [`<fusion-wc-intersection>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/intersection) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-intersection.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-intersection)
| [`<fusion-wc-picture>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/picture) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-picture.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-picture)

## Input
| Component | Status
| ----------| ------
| [`<fusion-wc-button>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/button) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-button.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-button)
| [`<fusion-wc-checkbox>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/checkbox) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-checkbox.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-checkbox)
| [`<fusion-wc-radio>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/radio) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-radio.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-radio)
| [`<fusion-wc-switch>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/switch) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-switch.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-switch)
| [`<fusion-wc-textarea>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/textarea) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-textarea.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-textarea)
| [`<fusion-wc-textinput>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/textinput) | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-textinput.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-textinput)
<!--prettier-ignore-end-->

Commit message:

fix: added package name to readme

README.md, after:

<!--prettier-ignore-start-->
# Fusion Web-Components

> Mono-repo for web-components used in fusion

### [Storybook](https://equinor.github.io/fusion-web-components/)

## General
| Component | Package | Status
| ----------| ------
| [`<fwc-theme>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/theme) | [`fusion-wc-theme`] | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-theme.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-theme)
| [`<fwc-icon>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/icon) | [`fusion-wc-icon`] | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-icon.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-icon)
| [`<fwc-intersection>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/intersection) | [`fusion-wc-intersection`] | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-intersection.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-intersection)
| [`<fwc-picture>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/picture) | [`fusion-wc-picture`] | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-picture.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-picture)

## Input
| Component | Status
| ----------| ------
| [`<fwc-button>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/button) | [`fusion-wc-button`] | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-button.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-button)
| [`<fwc-checkbox>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/checkbox) | [`fusion-wc-checkbox`] | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-checkbox.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-checkbox)
| [`<fwc-radio>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/radio) | [`fusion-wc-radio`] | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-radio.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-radio)
| [`<fwc-switch>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/switch) | [`fusion-wc-switch`] | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-switch.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-switch)
| [`<fwc-textarea>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/textarea) | [`fusion-wc-textarea`] | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-textarea.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-textarea)
| [`<fwc-textinput>`](https://github.com/equinor/fusion-web-components/tree/main/packages/textinput) | [`fusion-wc-textinput`] | [![Published on npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@equinor/fusion-wc-textinput.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@equinor/fusion-wc-textinput)
<!--prettier-ignore-end-->
